Gwenevere Abriel: Almost there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning.
Nick Graham: Good morning. How are you
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little hurry. So can I kind of slow my energy down a little.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Well, I'm glad you made it here. Looks like we're in the car getting caffeinated or tea or something kind of a nice morning ritual.
Gwenevere Abriel: hopelessly addicted to that one. Yeah, so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, the withdrawal from caffeine is three days of a headache. I think we can all just sort of agree that you can decide to do it whenever you want to or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I had imagined that today was going to be about picking a target and sort of having, having some MTR today. I didn't know if you had already sort of set up or you already had an idea of what you wanted from today that was different.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I haven't figured out like specifics like but yeah i mean i think i don't really know exactly what to go into
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, that's, that's my job. You don't have to. You just gotta pay attention to you. So let me open up a note and we'll, we'll pick a target.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have to to coffee cups or some coke cans up there that we just heard about if that's enough movement. I think that's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is maybe half inch apart, maybe even a little bit more part might get a little bit more, but I don't want to hurt your eyes and also when you do it if you're going to be sitting back then they would want to be wider so
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to want you to feel comfortable very sort of present in not having to strain, but really tuning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of inward, not having a whole spine up. So what do we got nope nope nope
Gwenevere Abriel: Meeting at 730 I'll take a look at some
Gwenevere Abriel: What you have here.
Gwenevere Abriel: A nice way to start is to sort of say, well, where we asked, Where are you at, in other words, you know when your mind goes to just dropped stress. Does it seem to
Gwenevere Abriel: Go to things that are triggered in present day. And it's sort of, I'm overwhelmed with this. Well now it's this and it's happening right now. This person says this, I feel that. Look at this, look at this and they're very present as if they're these triggers that are happening present time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or we might call them stressors.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or is this preoccupation maybe or this this mind does it wander into the what ifs of the future. Is it preoccupied with
Gwenevere Abriel: Distress into the future. Well,
Nick Graham: You're like, oh, like for example, I guess rooms are pretty stressful day because I like tonight I'm losing my job, mostly I'm getting like furloughed
Okay.
Nick Graham: I was like stress in like a lot of the day, but I didn't. It's like I'm not having specific thoughts of like what if this goes bad, like, but I would probably agree that, like, like it's mostly in the future. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: There you go.
Nick Graham: But I don't have like whole thoughts of the future. I have like
Fleeting ideas of what the future might look like. And then like this stress that I can't place. It's always like a
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a, like a feeling I can't really place every go that's the one I think because this one this for low as horrifically inconvenient. This is an I am blessed to be able to call it just an inconvenience. And I know I'm privileged to say that because my life wasn't disrupted, very much.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know that it won't change.
Gwenevere Abriel: That it's really good. And I'm bracing myself, but I know it, it will pass
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's going to be where I meet my strengths or whether I sort of collapse into it. And so I know my clients like you two are going through this
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're all in it, you're, you're going through something I am to it from the same. It's the same topic. It's amazing. It's this whole global crisis. So there's a stress. I can't place.
Gwenevere Abriel: That one has my curiosity.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm suspecting that
Gwenevere Abriel: Existed before this for low now it's been sort of there.
Nick Graham: Yeah, yeah, that's like why I can't wedding fly into rage. And I fly into it because it's like almost like
I don't quite know what like I never, I never really like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I don't know. That's what we're up to. You just your job number one. Just to review can't do it wrong, it's impossible for you to do any of this wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: The job for you is just as attuned as you possibly can be, not to the big sweeping experiences.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are fine and good, and I care about those. And I want to know about them. But if we can catch the subtler ones, the progressive ones, the ones where
Gwenevere Abriel: You notice a movement, a slight movement or you notice you want to adjust something even in a even in a shoulder and it may seem really silly.
Nick Graham: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't see them. Yeah, you're, you're kind of doing something with you right now. Yeah.
Nick Graham: Yeah, and it like it actually has caused me to have like a
Gwenevere Abriel: Good questions to you know some some weird name, but okay so much like
Nick Graham: It would happen like usually when I would
Nick Graham: Well, it would have been usually like when I would like us or stressed or play like sometimes when I like play video games. I would like just do this a whole lot
Like
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so are there any more of those movements that if we sort of scan the body and we said that there might be more just sort of work through. Let's see what the body is trying to suit itself. Tell me, for sure. Okay face. But what specifically, you've got a whole face their
Gwenevere Abriel: Nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes it like an ice when I squint okay yeah I remember a conversation with your brother around that one. Yeah, it's terrific. Okay, and what's that one the mouse. What do we call that one.
I don't even know. Like a
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a mouth stretch, almost. Okay, that's fine. I'll stretch
Gwenevere Abriel: Last time I saw some jaw horizontal. Now there was that additional and going on. Are you aware that one at all. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: There's like there's maybe like know if the job was doing it on its own. It was, it was also doing something. Okay, maybe, maybe it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe not. Okay. Okay. Come on in here that are any, any kind of things going on sort of learning experience kind of space. The voice to think they used to be something but not not not for a long time, like used to be like a
Like a
Gwenevere Abriel: Long, long time ago, and it would come like after a sentence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you'd have to make that noise. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about in in in the neck and shoulders. Anything in there.
Nick Graham: Though, just like always, there's always been like tension in there. So I would like do this, but
Gwenevere Abriel: That's just because like my
Nick Graham: I feel like I got a neck and dream like sixth grade that was never diagnosed
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about shoulders back, arms, any kind of, you know, needing to kind of repeatedly sort of adjust and subtle suit itself. OKAY. AND DOWN THE ARMS AND YOU FLEXING anything going on.
Nick Graham: Sometimes like a
Trying to think like a
Nick Graham: Baby like a bicep flex
But not, I guess I never really thought of that one as
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we don't have to go too far into it. I'm just gonna put a little note here and just gives me someplace else to explore because I am not.
Gwenevere Abriel: Able to see all of it you know you you might have been sort of more of a observer and I might have caught it, too. But I'm stuck with you haven't to tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is they have some benefits, too, because then you have this dual awareness that I can name it, and it's going on. And so there's some some good things that can come from it. So it's not all bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about in I already know about the right thumb. Is there anything even down into forearm breast. Anything else that that's going on. No, nothing else. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything in like stomach sort of breath now getting a little bit more visceral anything sort of in that lower part the sphincter, you know, maybe clenching or anything kind of going on in there. Anything that sort of is this bracing experience of that size. Sighs knees calves, Pete.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing. So we've got some we've got some stuff here. So, possibly fixing. Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: There's, there's a sense of a long enduring
Gwenevere Abriel: A stress. I can't place.
Gwenevere Abriel: And some
Gwenevere Abriel: Sense of connection. Although unnamed to this.
Gwenevere Abriel: flying into rage. There's some although you may not know this stuff in between. You said those pretty close proximity to each other when when you were sharing under rage or like becoming frantic or overwhelmed. Like, it all comes up like something I
Nick Graham: Mean I guess like I can place like the route, but then I could be my way through, like, Oh, well, it's gonna be fine. I have like, you know, either family to say store unemployment and things like that. But then there's something else like that that's there.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so we said rage overwhelmed said frantic so rage. That's your anger frantic to your fear. Tell me more about what other words synonyms, maybe for overwhelmed. What's that one.
Yeah, I would probably
Put overwhelmed and fear. I think
I think that that's like how I how I see that
Or maybe
Nick Graham: preoccupy your double
Nick Graham: It's like, usually the what comes with it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stress. I can't place.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's this going into rage. There's an overwhelmed fear irritable. There's also frantic
Gwenevere Abriel: Does this unnamed source of stress does it
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, activate any other big emotions.
I mean, of course, like
Big depression, sadness, like, stuff like that.
Sometimes I wonder if it's like rooted in like, I don't know, like yesterday.
Nick Graham: I had this frantic episode, like, just like you know overwhelmed with everything. And then I like. When did my taxes and then it was gone and I maybe it like represents because like I put a lot of things off. I don't know if it's like
Partially connected to, like,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. Okay, so what's your suspicion. I put things off.
Nick Graham: Yeah, we're like, for example, I have this this stimulus check that's coming. And it's going to like solve a lot of the problems that have been on my plate. Well, not really because it's not a whole lot, but it will help a lot.
And
Nick Graham: It was about taxes and they're going to deposit into your tax account and I couldn't they don't give any guidance on how they're giving the stimulus and
Nick Graham: So I was like, my last year's deposit like who like were deposited into was an account that I like when I was using I overdo it like $600 and just like ghost in this account, you know,
Nick Graham: So I was worried that the stimulus check was going to be deposited into that account was my last year's taxes. And so I was like feeling like frantic about
Nick Graham: Losing my job. And then I was like, What about the stimulus check whatever. And so then I did my taxes and I felt like a little bit better. So I don't know if it's
Maybe it's more close to the surface and then I realized in a few cases.
Gwenevere Abriel: You felt better after you completed the tax account piece. Yeah, definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like just filed my taxes for this year. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I put things off being your insight into this, like, maybe there's that's a piece of it.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've got
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just see what comes up with these. So you're you're identifying actually very present present things, you know, that's kind of how you're coming in today. I don't get this furlough you've got these things that that are
Gwenevere Abriel: That are coming up for you, and you've got some introspection into I put things off, it does bring relief when I do, I do. The undone thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So why don't we kind of go back a little bit and just see
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you to sort of take in less than less from from the video taking less than less.
Gwenevere Abriel: From your problem solving. Mine were you having to work so deliberately so hard. This morning to come up with a target you worked very hard. Already know you're analyzing you're doing my job for me. That's very generous of you. But now all you need to do is just go subtle just those micro
Gwenevere Abriel: shifts and changes just turning inward now sort of pain into into intention to the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do that grounding piece of feeling, feeling the gravity allow that shoulder to kind of come down. Notice how it wants to pull it to the center to the core of the earth pulls it down in your spine and your seat bones.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be aware of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it a consistent poll, does it shift and change.
Gwenevere Abriel: And make sure to be an audit of its consistency and its power.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how your leg. Stay down in the feet, stay
Gwenevere Abriel: Down to the bottom of the floor, the car.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice there's still still being pulled down to this core
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to whether you're resisting it and fighting it in the neck or the shoulders, the arms, the legs just sort of tune in my fighting it or am I gonna concede to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your relationship with that with gravity.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're going to hear sounds have come from my side.
Gwenevere Abriel: Come from your side. You may notice your mind wander.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's doing its job to keep vigilant of your safety, you can just share gratitude. Thank you. And turn inward. Again, going to the breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to the temperature on your cheeks, going to the texture of the clothing as it meets your skin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you to become aware with these invitations.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of what your eyes are doing
Gwenevere Abriel: How are those ocular muscles spawning
Gwenevere Abriel: Paying attention to the cheekbones and
Gwenevere Abriel: Jaw
Gwenevere Abriel: muscles that move and nose and mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Neck.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do they want to do something and you're holding them back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there a flexing or
Gwenevere Abriel: A release.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go into throat
Gwenevere Abriel: Their movement.
Gwenevere Abriel: The absence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or something where the presence of something or a shift.
Gwenevere Abriel: Paying attention to that neck.
Gwenevere Abriel: And pay attention to how you feel and will do this together, bringing that neck very, very slowly to the degree that it's comfortable and safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bringing the neck and the direction will be we're heading, chin to chest. But so slowly that you can't tell, I'm doing it with you. I'd like you to pay attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up in that area of the neck.
Gwenevere Abriel: A thought and emotion.
Gwenevere Abriel: I believe a memory just slowly turning down opening the neck up
Gwenevere Abriel: To what happens for you.
Nick Graham: Here just feels like
Like a release almost
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do the opposite. I know your head rest there, but I'd like to see how you feel when you actually left the chin up
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to lift the chin up, as if to the sky and just so slowly says we're returning we're focusing and attending to the subtle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it like to have your chin up and have that space.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, an open its kind of
Weight like it's you know it's really uncomfortable.
So it kind of feels kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Natural and like dirty and weird. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you slowly get to the place that feels comfortable natural clean
Gwenevere Abriel: Spring that where it feels comfortable and natural and clean.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just settling in till you find that place.
Maybe
Maybe found it. I think I'm also finding out that I like actual neck problems and I'm doing this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm fairly comfortable
Gwenevere Abriel: Breast just want to stay where you're flexing it
Gwenevere Abriel: almost feels like pulled
Pulled up even though they're uncomfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go to any other shifts, you notice I had not sure you remember it's okay if you don't, because I focus on the neck. But do you remember any other shifts that were going on any notice things as I was inviting some awareness of gravity in the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ya know, it felt
Gwenevere Abriel: really relaxed, like the only thing was like
It was only the neck. There was only thing that I was like during the time like thinking
Nick Graham: Like it would be like almost like it'd be nice to be able to move in some way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, some strange
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I want to review.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some resourcing so I'd like to do some anchoring with those. I'd like to really get very, very resourced want you to feel that sensation of resource would like to do some iterations, where you get very present with the imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: Grandfather, and the dependability that personality.
Gwenevere Abriel: The consistency of always there when he was needed.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have a sense also that the guns were relevant that he owned a bunch of them. So you can hold on to those pieces add more pieces or discard pieces that's up to you if you want me to change something, and probably like to change, like, just take put grandfather to rest. I think
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so would you like to for a moment re cultivate a protective figure
Gwenevere Abriel: real or imagined. Remember, this can go
Gwenevere Abriel: Fantasy
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, go ahead. I think it would be. I'm like,
Like the river is like protective
Nick Graham: Camping I always worried about like wildlife and
Gwenevere Abriel: If I can't near a river, I think, like,
If there is something harmful. It's just there to drink or if there's something that's harmful on the other side of it, it would have to cross it to get to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, provides a nice like comforting background noise. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So really be present with that. See if you can pull in temperature of the water. If you were to touch it or even being around it and
Gwenevere Abriel: The case. Yeah, hold water.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're welcome. You don't have to announce it if you don't want to. This is truly a personal experience just being very present with them. So the cold water. That's your choice. If you want to share or not share this is you pulling in that imagery just is there, but as you can.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it's just hearing the sounds maybe of its motion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it stay the same. Does it have variability or somehow combination and
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sort of getting a sense of
Gwenevere Abriel: Its protective quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: To me sounding like a barrier.
Gwenevere Abriel: From harm on the other side.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's natural.
Gwenevere Abriel: Comfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Its nature.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Bringing in. Additionally, this relationship or quality of nurturing figure you have cristiana and you have Gandalf, see if those still ring true check in with the body there's any adjustments we need
Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that that that would probably be fitting. Let's just stick with Christiana, yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is nurturing quality with cristiana and you can feel her presence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have it be near interacting in some way connected to and relating to the protective quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of this background noise right of this river.
Gwenevere Abriel: cristiana wanting, pure and simple your growth your development.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel honest genuine and true.
Nick Graham: I think it does, however, I just have associations with like
With like my family dynamic
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I think it kind of almost feels out of place like to have anywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we don't really want any income grow and see. That's why I'm checking in on these these need to be pure and simple. They need to be that stuff that is comfortable natural clean
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's revisit again our creative fantasy mind that right brain that opens up to archetypes two images and animals two
Gwenevere Abriel: things you've seen where you grow rocked really hit the sense of, Oh my goodness. Can you imagine the perfection of something someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Somewhere some some energy force wanting for you, your full growth and potential nurturing. Take care.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, go ahead, like an elk like a like a good maybe like a herd of elk.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, right. Like with a big
Nick Graham: Strong bold, like let's protect her and
Gwenevere Abriel: Got another image for protecting their to any sort of a combination nurturing and it's a whole herd of elk with a strong ball. This where's that bull placed in this this heard
Nick Graham: He's kind of off towards like the edge of the of the could be in the woods and he's kind of off towards the edge of the woods.
And you have like the cows and the caps and it's all kind of a
Gwenevere Abriel: Definitely nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: So do you see the protective quality of this background comforting River.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you see them present with the herd of elk and the bowl off the edge of the word.
Gwenevere Abriel: Counts and calves.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where's the ball.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the ball on kind of like towards the edge of the woods. And then the third is within the woods and then there's a river kind of protecting their their their their flank.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be present with that just picturing it
Gwenevere Abriel: And you there with it somehow, someway your presence is there as well. You are part of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Giving yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: full consent to be a part of that protection and merchants.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bringing also in
Gwenevere Abriel: The spirit of a mountain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or for us. And you mentioned the word. I don't know if those are already there and your imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: The wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of a spirit of mountain
Gwenevere Abriel: bringing it all together was
Gwenevere Abriel: Nick there too.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm curious to know how your presence interacts with these figures.
Nick Graham: Yeah, must feel like
Like an invisible bystander.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can't see you.
Nick Graham: I think that that they they know I'm there and they kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: It's almost like they're, they're like teaching me like to
Nick Graham: To be able to track and follow them and
teaching me to learn to be able to like to help me grow a little bit
Like they're aware of my presence and it's like my job to kind of like
Figure that figure them out and their movements and where they're going.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you feeling right now.
Probably
Must like
Like excitement almost to
To be able to like be there into
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know, like, because there's like also bringing up that's like how
Like I've done this similar scenario in it, like where I would like follow through the woods and
Like I never thought about like living so harmoniously like
Almost like we're helping each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So I'd like you to open your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we'd like to do, I'd like you to go with what you just said living harmoniously together. Okay very good at doing bilateral stimulation. So I'd like you look at my fingers on the set the pace hold that living harmoniously look at the two figures that you have on your dashboard.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is going to be slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: And keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: As you're holding that imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's inhale together into the belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's exhale it deliberately out of the mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let your mind go blank for a beat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just let it drop dead space.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you notice
And I really thought about a
Person named Ernie who's kind of
Like a
Like a teacher in a guide like since I moved to New Mexico. He's like a friend of my, my, my father and I would consider him a good friend of mine, and he's kind of shown me
He's like a person.
Nick Graham: Where all you like all he talks about is like the nature in the woods and
Experiences almost like
He grew up in a place like advocate, which is like, technically, like a problem, I guess, maybe it's a lot of like Native American influence and he just speaks in like a really simple.
Gwenevere Abriel: Way that just conveys like
Things and how they make you feel and nothing more, nothing like deeper and more complex.
Gwenevere Abriel: What emotion. Are you having right now.
Well, he's also
Kind of
Well, I'm not great at like replying to texts and things like that. And so I can't help but like think about how he's like a maybe 60 year old man like lives alone, and I don't reply to a lot like. Like, I replied to some of his messages. But I think that
Nick Graham: There are probably a lot of
Things that get lost.
That I probably feel in relation to people.
Nick Graham: Like I might like care about someone and think very fondly of them, but the fact that I'm not, like, really, I look at a text message. And I like or phone call and I like don't
Nick Graham: It's not that I don't want to reply. It's like something
Doesn't feel comfortable with with doing that. And so it kind of makes me feel like
It's great to think about
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you did a nice long story to describe to me. Thank you for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can only guess what the feeling is that you may have lost things because maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: You weren't comfortable replying quickly. What's that feeling you just had you shake your head just slightly. What is that feeling was that emotion.
I think that would be
Maybe like isolation.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's typically an action.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you're almost there. That's a solution, perhaps
You'd almost be like
Maybe like
Nick Graham: Oh, definitely, like sadness in relation to that feeling like
Or not being like
Sadness. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for some reason.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: This word guilt. It's bizarre. I don't know why.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I don't know why I'm thinking that word.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I mean I think like that.
Nick Graham: That would be a good underlying like feeling in relation to it. I think that
The guilt is a product of of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which action or inaction.
Nick Graham: Yeah, the guilt is a product of the inaction of, like, I'm just not. I just don't
Nick Graham: Do well it like responding to people like i don't i don't know
Gwenevere Abriel: Why, like if it's like a I feel obligated to do it. Okay. My rebellious to. Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Checking in your body, which has happened. Pay attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: To, you know,
I think that
I feel like more like I'm like I'm slowly like hunting and like slouching as I as I
Think about those things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, slowly hunching is it close to a label of sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, slowly hunching okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we get in touch with breath. Can you get in touch with
Gwenevere Abriel: That comfort that nature mountain quality of wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Protective quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the river.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the nurturing quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm going to ask you to open your eyes. And I'm asking. Think about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Weaving it in with
Gwenevere Abriel: rebelling against obligation, can you open your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can hold those two things together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then look at your objects at my pace.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those two things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: Your resource team.
Gwenevere Abriel: rebelling against predation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember to keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're still in that body.
Gwenevere Abriel: This one's a little different. I want to know what thoughts what
Nick Graham: Makes you think like
There's, there's two are
Very much connected. I think
Leaving somewhere.
Like leaving to go somewhere that is simpler.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we're gonna go with your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's catch the thoughts and just share with me. You don't have to do the analysis, I'll do that for you. You just stayed exactly what that thought that passed by.
Gwenevere Abriel: Their conducted definitely eating somewhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gonna go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great thing going great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Down in the lower part of the don't forget about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Together. Inhale, big belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And a slow breath as you can't let it out slow, slow, slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like that mind go blank for a beat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or two
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up.
Well, I think like physically. There's something almost like blocking a deep breath right now like a
Like a chest tightness and I can't quite
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull up your resource figures and see was what do you can open your eyes from you get cabinetry ready to go with that you're ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: Physical blocking
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello, I'm going to go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring in your resource team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull those two together, be present with both great you kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: tuning into to actively. What is to be done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: To share what passes through your mind, body,
Like a campfire writing a campfire would be
Gwenevere Abriel: On to that solution.
Gwenevere Abriel: campfires live
Gwenevere Abriel: Just the body's response tuning in
Gwenevere Abriel: Especially around
Gwenevere Abriel: The breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's have a nice inhale together. Inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then just let it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: Let that quiet be that space between the notes music and our thoughts and see what presents itself.
Yeah, I just can't help but
Feel
Like guilt and why do I feel like why do I not
Do those things like why do I not
Like look at something a message and just not reply or
out of spite in like these things like
It kind of is like hurtful to people. I think in some such a simple act like
Nick Graham: I'm almost like physically barred from
Maybe not physically, but I'm barred from doing an action that could make people feel good that it's quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: I could help people feel good. Okay.
But I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about the physical barge I
Think it's just
Like I personally feel like it's like an excuse that I make, like, I could do it. I could reply to it.
And I just feel like there's
Maybe
Maybe I'm not like like in a selfish way. Like, I don't see anything. Maybe in it for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just want to check in what emotion kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, how are you, how are you doing over there.
I'm doing I'm doing okay. Just like a gross thought like, to me, personally, like a like a
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a sickening thing to just say,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's sickening landed somewhere in the body where we don't be
Probably like
Nick Graham: Shoulder
This way to my right, Saturday in my
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe like the top of my chest a little bit. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's fine. Chillin not doing anything hasn't been no
Gwenevere Abriel: May seem arbitrary and out of place.
Gwenevere Abriel: That I want to number, since I'm doing all this organic stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wanted to still no zero to 100 how distressed. You are 100 is the worst.
35 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's bring it back to an earlier time when you've had that gross sickening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Status now.
Yeah.
Nick Graham: I was like a young child, probably five or six
In my, I was like, at my. So my parents split up and I would go to my
Nick Graham: family's house to go visit with my dad, he would fly from New Hampshire to go to Ohio and I visit their family and my uncle had. It was like this dirty house like because
His family's like doesn't have money.
Nick Graham: They had frogs, like in this little area.
Nick Graham: I remember as a young child, just like
These tiny like like tadpoles
And I like like put one like as a young child.
Nick Graham: I wouldn't like I would like hurt like little, like, things like that. Like I would like
Like put
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Okay, put it in a fan. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to your body. Catch it intention or squares that landing
Gwenevere Abriel: At fucked up thing. Where is it right in the chest like like okay let's towards the back. Okay, what is the belief about yourself around this this memory that that's
Nick Graham: pretty disturbing thing to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the belief I am
Gwenevere Abriel: Disturbed oh
Gwenevere Abriel: It's making me want to tear up
Gwenevere Abriel: How's it feeling for you. What's the emotion. If I'm disturbed.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I see a tier
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the emotion. What do we label that
Probably
I definitely feel like out of place.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to pay close attention to time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I like to just take
Gwenevere Abriel: Take out of place for a moment, which is take that one piece and this is a very specific narrow right
Gwenevere Abriel: Part, we're not going to take the whole network which is going to take the sense of out of place maybe even in the chest, maybe tuning into physiological where it landed in the chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm out of place. And I'd like you to bring in your resource and let's let's end today with with that. Okay. I want you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to get there. This. So I want you to pull in that resource team.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they there. They may not at first. Right. So those two things. I'm out of place to the chest and pull in
Gwenevere Abriel: Your protective nurturing and we are and why speakers summon them up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Out of place.
Gwenevere Abriel: Chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like you to open your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try to hold all of those can
Gwenevere Abriel: Do
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing into that chest
Gwenevere Abriel: And belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: In that area to go deep into the bottom of the alarm.
Gwenevere Abriel: holding those protective nurturing and wise.
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Come. Great.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm here to
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's inhale and
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let the mind go blank.
Gwenevere Abriel: Resting into the quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Space.
Yeah, I think, like,
When I was like a young kid.
I would kind of game like what I felt had like like since like
And I like I i I'm still on that.
And so
I believe that there was a lot of like chaos in childhood, especially like surrounding like family visits and things like that.
And maybe like I felt like so.
Nick Graham: Like not in control of my circumstances and what was happening that I like.
Wanted to
Like play like
Nick Graham: God or play like in control of like something's life like something so small that I wouldn't at the time deem that it has any kind of sentience, or any kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to control
Yeah, yeah. I wanted to control that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like you to pull in your figures, I want to control. Want to sense control.
Gwenevere Abriel: Development.
Gwenevere Abriel: Safety
Gwenevere Abriel: Pearson's just take him in
Gwenevere Abriel: Coming up
Nick Graham: Yeah, I've, I think like that term control I've, I've heard that I've been on the receiving end of being told that I'm controlling you know like or that I have qualities
That would
You know, come off as being controlling
Nick Graham: And I've never quite seen it.
Nick Graham: Like I see like actions like when I get like insecure and then that cause so
I think like when
I was like a kid like maybe
I'm just expressing it in different ways.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
I think, back then.
Nick Graham: Back then, I always believed like
I don't know if it's a common kid thing. But I like thought I would do anything and everything I wanted to and I almost had like
Like
Visions of like Grand year you know like
Nick Graham: I remember as a like similar age child like I would, I never was like a person that didn't have friends like I always have friends, but I remember one day, like I went in, like, told my mom like
Nick Graham: Someone came up to me and said that
Nick Graham: You have so many friends like like to where I would like
Nick Graham: I guess like exaggerate a lot of the stories to try to
Seem like
Nick Graham: Like I was really popular. And, you know, so I think
Back then, I just felt like
Nick Graham: Like I was an exaggerated form of myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe now it's like almost the opposite.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's the I exaggerate.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you believe about yourself. See if you can find an I am
Gwenevere Abriel: An action is exaggeration, and the belief about the self having to exaggerate. I am
Nick Graham: I think as a child, I would say.
Nick Graham: Lost in authentic like those two I think go together. I would say live or that's not even that's not in a feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling I'm lost is a self that's fun. There's something more to it. And I can tell you're searching for more clarification, something about, I think you said in authentic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I think so. I think I think anyone who lives. It is like, is that where anyone can fabricate to a narrative surrounding themselves in. That's kind of what I think I'd done. Okay, go back to I'm lost.
Gwenevere Abriel: Likely to get a sense of, again, arbitrary, but just hang in there with me again. And number one to 10 How true is it
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm lost.
Gwenevere Abriel: First
Nine.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you like
Gwenevere Abriel: To think of yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am
Found. I mean, I think that would be
Gwenevere Abriel: And how true is it today 127 different scale. How true is it I am found
Three and a half. Okay, three
Gwenevere Abriel: Minutes 3.25 or something like on a four.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to leave today with time to process. So I am going to pull back and spend some time to sort of really
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of gently take care of the work you did want to create time for that. Okay, I've got some pretty good targets. Okay, which means that when we come back we won't have to kind of do all the wandering we did
Gwenevere Abriel: really productive.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got some some solid targets.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I do want to take care of your emotional numbness
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that's why we set this timeframe. So I want to be deliberate about it. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just kind of tune into those
Gwenevere Abriel: Those presence of, you know, is it enough to just be an invisible by standard with the cell can the river and, is that enough
Gwenevere Abriel: Just go there and see if you want more.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you want to be more or less a part of that quality of protection and
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurturing and wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: What prevents you from being more part of it. If you long to be a part of it or
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you want more distance just tune into
Gwenevere Abriel: To my invitation and what comes up.
I think
They are
They are elk. I'm not. I think that it's fine.
To kind of be
Where I am in relation to them.
But it's like a
Almost like this.
Nick Graham: Connection that like living like living things share
Gwenevere Abriel: In this space like
Like we understand each other.
And it's I think it's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Appreciate
Gwenevere Abriel: Love connect with you.
Think they were both helping each other. They're helping me learn to seek and I'm helping them learn to
To hide, which I think it's like important to their ability to
Gwenevere Abriel: Teaching them how to high
Gwenevere Abriel: Quality is to share with them they have in common.
I think they're both of us wanted. I want to grow.
And I think we both appreciate the setting.
That we're in at that time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Spend some moments, really, really honoring gently that reciprocal exchange that offering that each of you give
Gwenevere Abriel: You bring resource.
Gwenevere Abriel: And qualities to the relationship
Gwenevere Abriel: And they bring resource and quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: To you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be in that space of gratitude for appreciating it.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if there's any charge left in the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what's there. That's
Gwenevere Abriel: Still, yes.
I think
Because you know a little bit residual but I think it's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Residual
Really like like speckles up in my chest like
Static
Gwenevere Abriel: Static still in the chest area.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you imagine that the elk have those as well.
Yeah, I think so.
I think probably
Everything does
Gwenevere Abriel: keep them alive.
It gives them a reason to
Gwenevere Abriel: To need to run in certain situations to hide.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's in service of survival.
Yeah, I think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have to force that cycle to be there. Can we just rely on it intuitively
Think we can probably rely on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just if you could look at me and you and I just sort of tear humans interacting, for a moment, just for going to this.
Gwenevere Abriel: This stepping back place. And again, just sort of picturing you know this film strip with different images in it and having it be in front of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if there's something you don't have to hold it all in your working memory. I can do that. But if there is something that you want to still sit with what would that be
Well, I mean,
I just, I just think about like
Like my
Nick Graham: Needs to go to to nature for things. And I remember there's this this guy that I used to work with. And he was like,
I would consider him to be like really wise like like really wise person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, in some ways, but
Really flawed and others, and I would talk about
How I needed to go to nature.
You know how I felt like I needed to work from home like certain times and I needed to be in Nature Center certain times like to get a certain feeling in here. We said, whoo, something, something weird about that, like there's something
Like, like, like, not in a bad way. Like, but there's something like surrounding the reason that you want to go to nature, like this, like, why is it that every protective every wise every figure that I that I experiences is from nature and that's
Nick Graham: Something that I'm really, really thinking about, like,
I think, why isn't it a person like I don't know. Like, why does, why does it. Why does that figure, being a person not feel right. And to me, that just like
makes me really wonder about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can't just simple psychology be that people have betrayed you. Why does it have to be complex. Why can't it be you probably already know that we're a mess. We're selfish recruiting more impulsive.
Gwenevere Abriel: When unbalanced. We're out of time.
Gwenevere Abriel: We are often untrustworthy, and yet you coexist with us. And I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. We're that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: What if it's just that simple.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if we're just untrustworthy. And there's mixed messages are constantly coming at you with us as humans.
Gwenevere Abriel: But nature's linear. It's just we know it's predictable, they're gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: They're going to eat us if they're hungry. They won't because we're bad or because they're hungry not overthinking they're going to run because they're scared they're gonna, it's just more linear. It's not tripped up with
Gwenevere Abriel: Mixture. What if it's just that simple. Is there a part that kind of thinks, maybe it's just that simple.
Nick Graham: Yeah, that's what I've always like felt felt like that's, that's why I really like that part of stuff like that.
Nick Graham: He's it feels, it feels that way.
And you know, that's
Nick Graham: I guess like reinforces like the fact that it does suck that
Nick Graham: They can also like I'm also one of those humans who is
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's just unfortunate.
That it is that way. I mean, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Know you do so, just make contact with me. It feels different to look man I
Gwenevere Abriel: Say your truth I i can be mean and selfish and cruel and I can be loving and generous and self sacrificing just to just sit with that duality in your own
Gwenevere Abriel: Your own way.
Gwenevere Abriel: But a witness to it. I'm witnessing and you're looking at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you to
Gwenevere Abriel: You two are like that. And you're also this other stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, both
Yeah, I guess it's
At the current time the balance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Think I must have worked something recently, try to bring it up, up, up, up, up to the superficial to then get to chit chat.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: My guess is, the more you investigate right your, your friends that you're, you know, your roommate, you know, at the philosophies that are out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: My guess is you'll end up coming back to seeing it's opposites everywhere you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Good, bad, and kind and selfish and
Gwenevere Abriel: That evil and he already have cheeses, kind of, how does it know itself without knowing the other kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's an odd place to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: And to say that
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to be over and over again living with both. And that's the skill.
Gwenevere Abriel: They'll be a longing to want to have one summary to want it clear, but it's going to be i i'm have to sit with the conflict and how will I sit with conflict. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: How will I sit with I both in this and I want this, but I don't like that about myself and like that. Another people but there it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there'll be a longing to want to just go to one side or the other.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there's so much philosophy and information out there, psychology, certainly offers it to that that Yang Yang, things got some going on with it because there it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, yep. And how will I need it. Oh my gosh, I was just afraid. And so instead I acted out and I was mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I wouldn't have to sit with my own vulnerability. Oh, I hate it. And other people. Oh, and I'm doing it myself. It's going to be that again and again and again, but it's how you meet it. It will make the difference whether you will reach out
Gwenevere Abriel: Or it can seem to be human and flawed like me like us.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that in that humility. That's our brilliance. It's like I can sit with just falling deeply in love and just horribly betrayed and terrified and. Oh, I am so in love. And what if this person gets six sick and dies and
Gwenevere Abriel: can't skip over them. It's just part of the journey and it's not it's not enough to just say it means you're going to meet them minute by minute it's how you meet them.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not one thing enough I think to say it because there's plenty of religions and stuff. That'll give you all of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's another to to get to what I think you're doing. I think what certainly I'm transparent, I can tell you everything I'm up to over on my side.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm finding some that I think will be useful, I think there have been some key moments where that young mind, the one that hasn't developed
Gwenevere Abriel: The prefrontal cortex, the one that can't distinguish between right now and the future of five year old brain simply has 25 more years before to grows that so it can't. And so the way a thing is remembered as a five year old.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, what if we
Gwenevere Abriel: Use all that experience and intellect of a man not a boy and in the presence of someone that hopefully you're feeling safe and that cares about you and that wants for you what you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not the same as what what that chaos and it's not that's then
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm optimistic. So what we did today was trying to do some investigation and nosing around a try and see where might be a useful target. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So knowing that, that's what I'm up to what I'm inviting you to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: What comes up for you. Yeah, I mean I think
I think
Nick Graham: The early on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like like misconception about like being like Zen, you know, to use that. Yeah.
Just being overwhelmingly positive all the time, you know, and I think that
Nick Graham: Like, like, I think that's a lot of people look at somebody, like, Oh, they're so peaceful and so happy like like that was all. But really, it's like, no, that's not it at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Side, they're managing the conflict. Oh, how do I meet that oh I don't eat that. How will I meet that in
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's in the forest or Powerline media out there it is again, I don't like it. I want it to do we meet it over and over and over.
Gwenevere Abriel: How will you meet it. Yeah, yeah.
Nick Graham: I think like just the outward appearances that
Gwenevere Abriel: Look like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so, like, I mean, I think that
Nick Graham: That's the
I guess the, the part that's
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean it's, it's fine. I mean it's it's more comforting that way almost that there's no one who sees everything in an overwhelmingly positive lens all the time like like they're getting
Gwenevere Abriel: die young, aren't they, I mean, because if we can't register threat real like actual danger. Right. That's the little speckle maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: The alchemy, you need. We all have that I'm gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: Not easily walk into some ridiculous like no common sense traffic, you know, we come on
Gwenevere Abriel: Now it just looks like that. And so I have come to
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't like this ugly and me well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Brings me deep deeper and deeper connected to. I think of you guys are my family of the people in my life. I'm like, well, I share that in common. I too am flawed. What do I do with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, brings me closer to means I'm going to be. I am not afraid of you or him or her. I'm like, fucked up to okay we're closer for that. So I don't see it as a way to be further away. I see what I have in common, and it's in our flaws. It's in our fallibility
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's how I make meaning, and I don't get too attached to that either. So I get a little meaning that when works for me and let it go. Let go outcome.
Gwenevere Abriel: That may not work for some people that may not work for me in the moment and that's that groundless notice that I was telling you about with my children. It's all you got yourself a label. Well, good for you. Guess what it's going to change in about 60 seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't get hung up on the outcome on your expectation around something because it's going to throw you throw you off course again and then what are you going to do you think you got to settling in over a year. Well, good luck with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And something's going to be something else that's going to throw you off course and how will you meet that how will you meet that it's just over and over and over.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the people that I think this Zen appearance is
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the radical acceptance of what is but it really is radical that this and justice. This in justice.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I have to live with this injustice of maybe being imprisoned for something of which I am completely innocent that I'm supposed to somehow carve out happiness in here like that that exists that these people are going through that all over our planet.
Gwenevere Abriel: They didn't deserve the poverty, the abuse the deprivation, they don't deserve it, nor are there people that do I don't decide that, but there it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: How will they find some happiness and peace in there, they can keep fighting. What is or they just say that happened. This is happening and I don't want
Gwenevere Abriel: To be unhappy.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really about acceptance. It is. It's huge. That's why that word radical. It's not your regular which is you know it is what it is and
Gwenevere Abriel: It is hard, is what it is. It's part. This time, though, this one's hard to
Gwenevere Abriel: Take that one went a little better but it's, I call it skills and you hear me use that word a lot you don't roll in a group, very often, but I use them a lot. I don't know. Something I picked up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone learned them they passed it along and we we keep sharing it. So I'm going to share mine. And it's a skill, meaning I don't have it practice. So like, that means I can practice it. I can do more of it. I just need to practice it more often.
And thank you for making a longer time slot. I appreciate it.
Nick Graham: Definitely better
Nick Graham: Towards the end then like the last time I mean like, obviously, I think it's fine to
Have that static, you know,
I appreciate the wind down
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's nice
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't require me
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice to have that done inner personal peace. Yeah, definitely. What was it like for you to have me almost demand right eye contact, what did that feel like for you.
I think
Nick Graham: I think it's fine. I think like sometimes when you're in, you're like, I'm in my head like I'm not generally an
Eye contact avoider but when it comes to, like, I guess. Think dealing with things that are like shameful thoughts shameful like things past i think that
Gwenevere Abriel: It's nice to like realize that it's not just you there in your head and there's just some magical voice.
Talking to you. So yeah, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it was good. Okay, so I'll probably be doing it here in there because
Gwenevere Abriel: I do come from part of my foundation of my sort of theoretical orientation has to do with attachment theory where we're wounded if its inner personal that the healing will happen here in presence of another. So I'm just a lot of pieces. A lot of moving parts going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: But just know that I'm also interested if a version comes up. If something happens where there's this
Gwenevere Abriel: Repulsion or whatever, again and again and again there's no wrong way for you to do it, except to not do you
Gwenevere Abriel: You're missing you'll miss out on come just ever so fraction of a second. If you miss something that comes up and decide not to share that because you think it doesn't belong in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might miss something. It might take months or years
Gwenevere Abriel: don't rob yourself of
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to. Okay. Because you think the therapeutic relationship might be damaged or I might get my feelings hurt. I'm not going to get my feelings hurt. Okay, I am taking care of myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just what was that what was that i want to i do i don't i want to
Gwenevere Abriel: We want to get. We want to slow time down so slow that we can see what once was like this space. Now, that little fraction of a second, we can see all the doings, and it's going on in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's amazing what we can find in slow motion. We can see
Gwenevere Abriel: Are not rushing to the next one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's schedule another appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if big stuff comes up little stuff. Stuff with any kind of stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would rather hear about it in an email and a text in some in a in a call in, I want to meet soon or something like that, other than you wanting to leap over it because you think you can't handle it. At least tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: This feels overwhelming. I'm feeling, you know, frenzied I'm feeling the those things that you mentioned, I'm failing them.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that you have a witness, you have somebody that you're telling this to okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Despair loneliness anger. All of those things are next level when we think we're alone in them.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just reach out just you know already know you're not going to get much back from. But just knowing that there, you can just show
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see. Do you want to. I know you know I also get the financial constraints. So, what, what does that mean to our work.
Nick Graham: Maybe I forget what my next
Gwenevere Abriel: We're thinking about that one. So I can probably do it sometime this week I think like
Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your next group I wrote down April 21 Nick expected I wrote down at 7am
Gwenevere Abriel: So we could we could meet next week. I happen to have during the week I'm going to see if I can give myself I'm noticing. And I, and I think going on that. It's kind of concerning me
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me so much diamond zoom you cannot imagine. So I'm like, well, so I've got to start to rest my little eyes looking like me soon enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you're gonna be looking like me, I'm hard. No, no, no, like, it feels like like last night, I was like, oh, I want to watch some mindless TV and I got like a pin pin prick in here like this. Think I was like, Girl, you just even the book did it I was like lights out
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a clear message, my body's like shut it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: These blue light glasses or something like that. Yeah. I have them. I don't know. Can you see the reflection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. And although I'm doing what I can. But I'm just so I'm wondering right now. I'll just tell you, you said thirsty.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have seven o'clock. People are booked at seven except on Friday at seven if you wanted the half hour would need it move backward to 630
Nick Graham: But if you want to do. I could do Friday. But then I might if there's a ways and there Wednesday group somewhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like you to meet. If you can with me. I'd like to see you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I understand, but
Nick Graham: Right, and then I can do that. Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Um, do you want me to give you, we are adding another group. Oh, it's interesting. That's the same day on the 21st, I'm starting a brand new group and it's at noon on a Tuesday just brand new if you want it or you work because I know you said for low so made me think maybe times
Nick Graham: I'm sure man hours. You're going to end it starts on the 21st, my fellow does or the 20th. So I don't know what the hours are going to be like, then
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, why don't why or whatever you yeah there's still unknowns, but we've got some time to update me I'll put you in here for you. Let me put you in at seven. On April 20 at sorry April 17 at seven.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you can. I'll put I'll put possible here on noon, but I already have you written down on April 21 but you can, you know, if you forget. I'll do my best over the weekend to say, hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: These appointments. You know me right I send them out and you can say you'll remember. Oh, yeah, no, no. That won't work anymore. And then we can we can readjust
Gwenevere Abriel: And we'll go from there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Have a good day. You too.